docs: warn that `useState` should only contain JSON-serializable content (#5994)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/2.features/6.state-management.md

::alert{icon=👉}
`useState` only works during `setup` or [`Lifecycle Hooks`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#composition-api-lifecycle-hooks).
::
::alert{type=warning}

> Note that data inside `useState` must be serializable. This means you can't use functions or classes in `useState`.

Author: ```suggestion
Because the data inside `useState` will be persisted from server to client, it is important that it does not contain anything that cannot be serialized to JSON, such as a class or function.
```

> Because the data inside `useState` will be persisted from server to client, it is important that it does not contain anything that cannot be serialized to JSON, such as a class or function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the data inside `useState` will be serialized to be persisted from server to client, it is important that it does not contain anything that cannot be serialized to JSON, such as a class, functions, or Symbols.
```
